A Very Sarcastic Site Map

This is a website. It has pages. It is on the Internet. These are words... maybe.

Who is this?
Who is this person writing so strangely on your screen? Just kidding. I'm not actually sitting inside your screen. That'd be super creepy.

I'm Abbie. I do things sometimes. Other times I don't. Here's a collection of things I do with words written in the most awkward way possible, at least on this page (apparently). I use lots of words and pictures on this site. I am sometimes articulate, but not right now.

Hobbies
Why should you care about my hobbies? Seriously. You shouldn't. Nothing could be more boring than reading about someone else's favorite books and video games. What are you still doing here?

Now that that's out of the way...

If you play video games and read books, sometimes it's fun to share these hobbies with others. What do you love to read and play? Just kidding, this is about me. Because I can't read minds. What? You thought I could? (But really, when I add a comments section, tell me. I actually do want to know).

The Video Games page includes a short blip about how and when I started playing video games, what I played when I was younger, and a comprehensive, somewhat orderly list of my current favorite video games, including cover art and trailers for each game. In time, I may make pages for individual games or game series' and migrate and expand upon this content in separate game pages. There will be a comments section on the Video Games page, in time. Right now, though, it's pretty rough and burdened with too much content for one page. Please excuse this site's noobery (that's definitely a word!).

The Books page is about--you guessed it!--books. I like lists, as you can see, so the page features a short list of my favorite books with a link to my full GoodReads library. There will be a comments section, eventually. I want to hear about your love of books and their strangely nostalgic scent. My nose loves books almost as much as my eyes do.

Less Casual Stuff
Books and video games aren't your cup of tea? (I LOVE tea!) ...Maybe you'd rather see some art, photographs, YouTube videos, or digital design projects. By me, of course. Because this is my website... and stuff.

My portfolio and gallery pages feature my original art, photos and design projects.

More Causal Stuff
See what I did there? Letters.

I care about things. Unless you're particularly apathetic and have no feelings (judgmental much?), so do you. *Ahem* But, obviously, not everyone cares about every thing that other people care about, so maybe we don't care about any similar thing. *Shrug*.

I care about causes. I don't know if you thought it was a typo. But yes, it says "Causal," not "Casual." See also: letters.

The causes I care most about include: feminism, body positivity, LGBT+ equality, civil rights, environmentalism, social policy, mental health awarenesss, and lots of others. I am an unabashed, quite opinionated bleeding heart liberal. If you aren't all sensitive and teary like me, but you can be polite, you're welcome to stay. If your metaphorical anatomically incorrect heart is three sizes too big, like mine, or you identify with people who are similarly strange, please tell me in the comments so we can commiserate--miserate... misery... share in the misery of actually caring about things. 

Yeah. Where was I? Causes. They matter. Read about them, watch some videos, check out the links, and give it some thought--if you like. If not, go back to watching reality TV and pretend that it matters. Ouch. I didn't really mean that. It... Nope.

Also, Other Things
There will be pages sharing videos from my YouTube channel. Many of these are video blogs = vlogs.

There will be a page that shows my tweets (for you non-Tweeters, tweeting is the equivalent of self-important blubbering in a public forum). On Twitter, I surprise myself and actually accomplish the feat of writing short sentences (sometimes). Usually, I tweet about causes and/or games.

There will be BLOOD. No, that was a joke. Blood is gross. I could never be a nurse. Eew.

I'll also be writing more things. And those things will be much better written than this. And they will likely be about the topics listed above. They will be web logs = blogs. (Oh my gosh what?)

I'll be all personal and weird and awkward. That's what I am. You'll read about my real life, a bit, if I think there's a reason to share it.

Gobbledy-Gook and Hodge-Podge
...fun words.

This website is a blog / hub of my internet and life. 

I could present myself better, but I won't. 

I want to be an honest person on the internet, as I try to be in life. I don't want to manipulate people into thinking I'm what they want me to be, so I have a "better" chance of getting ahead in my professional life. I refuse to play that particular game, even if I am/was good at it. 

Rather, I want to earn my way through life, and earn opportunities, as I am, not as a fake and overly pleasant, falsely polished version of myself. 

I am a human being with opinions, feelings, and preferences, and I'm sick of pretending to be a smiling, quiet, timid doll wearing a pressed shirt.

So, I'm me. Weird, tall, blabbermouth, creative and random me. This site is me. It's my passions, my concerns, my hopes and, mostly, the content and activities that I do on the internet about these feelings. All teh feels. 

If you're still reading this, you get a gold star to feel like you are actually achieving things in life instead of wallowing in an endless pit of true and bottomless despair and solitude out of which you will never rise. 

The cake is a lie (that is what some would call a "video game reference").

This page is quite close to the epitome of verbal vomit. You're welcome?











